As you are surveying a dark and misty swamp you come across what appearsto be a small cave.  You light a torch and enter.  You have walked severalhundred feet when stumble into a bright blue portal... With a sudden burst oflight and a loud explosion you are swept into... DRAGONFIRE... PRESS ANY KEY IFYOU DARE.     You have programmed your personal computer to dial into Dragonfire, acomputer bulletin board in Gainesville, Texas.  But before you get anyinformation, Dragonfire demands your name, home city and phone number.  So, fortonights tour of the electronic wilderness you become Montana Wildhack (acharacter in Kurt Vonnegut's book 'Slaughterhouse Five') of San Francisco.     Dragonfire, Sherwood Forrest(sic), Forbidden Zone, Blottoland, Plovernet,The Vault, Shadowland, PHBI and scores of other computer bulletin boards arehang-outs of a new generation of vandals.  These precocious teen-agers usetheir electronic skills with to play hide-and-seek with computer and securityforces.  Many computer bulletin boards are perfectly legitimate:  They resemblethe electronic versions of the familiar cork boards in supermarkets and schoolcorridors, listing services and providing information someone out there isbound to find useful.  But this is a walk on the wild side, a trip into theworld of underground bulletin boards dedicated to encouraging -- and making --mischief.     The numbers for these boards are as closely guarded as a psychiatrist'shome telephone number.  Some numbers are posted on underground boards; othersare exchanged over the telephone.  A friendly hacker provided Dragonfire'snumber.  Hook up and see a broad choice of topics offered.  For Phone Phreaks-- who delight in stealing service from AT&T and other phone networks --Phreakenstein's Lair is a potpourri of phone numbers, access codes andtechnical information.  For computer hackers -- who dial into other people'scomputers -- Ranger's Lodge is chock full of phone numbers and passwords forgovernment, university and corporate computers.     Moving through Dragonfire's offerings, you can only marvel at howconversant these teen-agers are with the technical esoterica of today'selectronic age.  Obviously they have spent a great deal of time studyingcomputers, though their grammar and spelling indicate they haven't been asdiligent in other subjects.  You are constantly reminded of how young theyare...    "Well it's that time of year again.  School is back in session so let's getthose high school computer phone numbers rolling in.  Time to get straight A's,have perfect attendance(except when you've been up all night hacking schoolpasswords), and messing up your worst teacher's paycheck."    Forbidden Zone, in Detroit, is offering ammunition for hacker civil war --tips on crashing the most popular bulletin-board software.  There are alsoplans for building black, red and blue boxes to mimic operator tones and getfree phone service.  And here are the details for 'the safest and best way tomake and use nitroglycerin,' compliments of Doctor Hex, who says he got it'from my chemistry teacher.'    Flip through the 'pages.'  You have to wonder if this information isaccurate. Can this really be the phone number and password for Taco Bell'scomputer?  Do these kids really have the dial-up numbers for dozens ofuniversity computers?  The temptation is too much.  You sign off and haveyour computer dial the number for the Yale computer.  Bingo -- the words YaleUniversity appear on your screen.  You hang up in sweat.  You are now a Hacker.